voting-body: prop status docs (#131)
near-ndc/voting-v1: voting_body/README.md

- top up with more NEAR to reach `active_queue_bond`;
- get a support by one of the Congress members using `support_proposal_by_congress`.

> If a proposal doesn't meet the conditions to move to the active queue, then the proposal is **removed** and the bond is **slashed** (moved to a community fund). For overdue proposals, anyone can call `remove_pre_vote_prop` method to do the cleanup and slash. To incentivize it, `REMOVE_REWARD` is deduced from the bond and sent to the caller.

Reviewer: this is unclear to me. Do we slash the proposal automatically? It sounds like when we do not meet the conditions then yes, but when its overdue then it needs to be done by someone calling the `remove_pre_vote_prop`. But the overdue status only happens when any of the conditions are not met right?

Reviewer: Then we need to rephrase it. `Then the proposal is removed...` is confusing

- **Near Consent:** quorum=(7% of the voting body) + **simple majority**=50%.
- **Near Supermajority Consent**: quorum=(12% of the voting body) + **super majority**=60%.

## Proposal status

When proposal is created, but the creator doesn't deposit `active_queue_bond` immediately, then the status of a proposal is `PRE_VOTE`.

```mermaid
---
title: Possible Proposal Status Flows
---
flowchart TB
    PreVote --> InProgress
    InProgress --> Approved
    InProgress --> Rejected
    InProgress --> Spam
    Approved --> Executed
    Approved --> Failed
    Failed -- re-execute --> Executed

    PreVote -- slashed --> Trash
    Spam -- slashed --> Trash
```

> `Approved`, `Rejected` and `Spam` are only visible when we query a proposal and: a) voting is over b) was not executed. This gives an indication that a proposal with status `Approved` or `Spam` should be executed. In order to do that any account can call `execute()` method. When proposal is `Spam`, the executor will receive a small reward, and the proposal will be slashed: removed, and the remaining bond (including the top-up) send to the community fund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Proposal Handling System

The following system outlines how proposals are managed within a contract with three statuses: `Approved`, `Rejected`, and `Spam`.

#### Status Visibility

- These statuses become visible when the voting period is over and the proposal was not executed.

#### Execution of Proposals

- Proposals with the status `Approved` or `Spam` should be executed.
- Any account can call the `execute()` method to execute a proposal.

#### Handling `Spam` Proposals

- When a proposal is marked as `Spam` and is executed:
  - The executor receives a small reward.
  - The proposal is removed (slashed) from the system.
  - The remaining bond, including any top-up, is sent to the community fund.

#### Handling `Approved` Proposals

- When a proposal is marked as `Approved`, the contract immediately tries to execute it.
- The status of the proposal is set to `Executed`.
- The `proposal.executed_at` property is updated to the current time in milliseconds.

#### Handling Execution Failures

- If the execution of a proposal, especially one involving a cross-contract call, fails, the status is updated to `Failed`.
- `proposal.executed_at` is set to `None`.

### Re-executing Failed Proposals

- Any user can attempt to re-execute a proposal that has the status `Failed`.

This system provides a clear mechanism for managing proposals and ensuring the execution of `Approved` and `Spam` proposals while handling execution failures through `Failed` proposals that can be re-executed.
```

Reviewer: I tired to rearrange it to make it easier to understand

> When the proposal is `Approved`, then the contract will try to execute it and set immediately the status to `Executed` and the `proposal.executed_at` property to the current time in milliseconds. If the executions involves a cross contract call that fails, then the status is updated to `Failed` and `proposal.executed_at = None`.
> Any user can try to re-execute a `Failed` proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
